2014.3:
 * Version 5.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Option added to enable dynamic phase and duty cycle for resource optimization in AXI4-Lite interface

2014.2:
 * Version 5.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Updated for AXI4-Lite interface locked status register address and bit mapping to align with the pg065

2014.1:
 * Version 5.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated to use inverted output CLKOUTB 0-3 of Clocking Primitive based on requested 180 phase w.r.t. previous clock
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 5.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices
 * Updated Board Flow GUI to select the clock interfaces
 * Fixed issue with Stub file parameter error for BUFR output driver

2013.3:
 * Version 5.1
 * Added AXI4-Lite interface to dynamically reconfigure MMCM/PLL
 * Improved safe clock logic to remove glitches on clock outputs for odd multiples of input clock frequencies
 * Fixed precision issues between displayed and actual frequencies
 * Added tool tips to GUI
 * Added Jitter and Phase error values to IP properties
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator

2013.2:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed issue with clock constraints for multiple instances of clocking wizard
 * Updated Life-Cycle status of devices

2013.1:
 * Version 5.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Added Safe Clock Startup and Clock Sequencing

(c) Copyright 2008 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
